welcome
Hi, I am Bijendra Sharma. I am Software professional and Managing Director of the Company called Horizon Softech that is based in Ranchi, Jharkhand. This website is for my friends and well-wishers who want to know more about me.


Introduction:

Hi, I am Bijendra Sharma. I am Software professional and Managing Director of the Company called Horizon Softech that is based in Ranchi, Jharkhand. This website is for my friends and well-wishers who want to know more about me.

Personal Life:

I was born in a small village of Bihar called Raghunathpur. A defining and sad moment overshadowed my childhood when I lost my dad (Paapa Ji) at the age of 6. His loss came at a crucial time of my development and left me with responsibilities without any guidance and support. I had to struggle hard, make compromises and fight against unforeseen odds to support myself and my family.

My early schooling was also done in small cities like Raghunathpur and then Gaziapur. I did my graduation in Zoology from Maharaja College Ara. By this time I had realised my Passion in computers so I did a diploma in hardware from Govt. Polytechnic in Ranchi, Diploma in Software from NIIT, Ranchi and MCA from IGNOU and St. Xavier’s college Ranchi. Once I came to Ranchi, my entrepreneurial journey started.

I am an Entrepreneur, a motorbike enthusiast, a teacher and a gadget geek, all rolled into one. Currently I am running my own web and software development company in Ranchi, Jharkhand which I had started at my room with two of my friends in 2004. A lot has changed since then. From a small rented room and 2 employees we have now grown to a big office in Ranchi and with around 20+ employees. We are still seeing growth and soon enough I will be opening an office in Jamshedpur.

At the same time, after long search for a suitable life partner, I finally found my match in Anima, a kathak dance teacher from Jamshedpur and we were married in December 2009. She is the strength behind my achievements, my best friend, adviser and support.

More about me:

My Passion : I like travelling and mostly love going on long rides on my motor bike. From my first two wheeler that was a Hero ranger bike, to my latest bike (a Yamaha R- 15),My first 4 Wheeler is-Scorpio VLX, nothing excites me more than to go on long drives on my bike& SUV. The penchant for going fast is perhaps a reflection of my ambitions and attitude to grow fast.

My Love: My Dog Bruni. Yes, I love my dog like a child, and I’m proud to admit it.
I Hate: Child Labour and untrustworthy people.
I Miss: My father and his guiding words.
My strength: My commitments to my family specially my Amma (Mother),
My weakness: Electronic gadgets & Car/Bike
I’m rich: In my friends



Professional Life

Bijendra Sharma
Software, Website & Web Application Development Company

Current
Managing Director of Horizon Softech
Past
Lecturer in Computer Science, M.Com at Govt. College (Ranchi University)
Education/College
Maharaja College, Ara


Bijendra Sharma's Summary

I am an entrepreneur with over 10 years of experience in marketing, management and business development in diverse companies. At present I am running my own software development company that is growing exponentially. Our goal is to come up with new branch offices in different cities all across India every 4~5 years. My strength lies in making relations and working with businesses and people across various geographies and domains and expertise. My interest particularly lies in online business application development and to keep pace with growing business needs of enterprises and SMBs across the globe. My strong relations in government sector has enabled me to work on many important government projects and I act as an advisor to many senior officials and Govt. executives on IT governance. We have many happy customers and our team works hard to serve them quality and customizations as per their satisfaction. I am also a motor bikes enthusiast and an academician who teaches time to time.

Specialties
Our Company is specializes in Office administration projects, Competitive Analysis, Clients dealing and Customized Software Development.

Bijendra Sharma's Experience :-
Managing Director Horizon Softech
August 2004 – Present (8 year 3 Months)
HO : Ranchi, Jharkhand ,India
Branch Office :Jamshedpur, Jharkhand, India
IT Training faculty at Central Coal Field (CCL) Head Office (1.5Yrs).
Working with a IT Company as IT Project Head, working place is Account General (A.G. Bihar) (1.Yr 3 months).
Computer Software & Hardware Support service provider.
As an Insurance Advisor.
Guest Lecturer in computer Science P.G Dept. (Govt. Marwari College)Four Years. Same time (Parallel) I was staring my Software development co.(Horizon Softech). Right now I’m working in this organization as a Managing Direct.
About Company

A Trusted name Horizon Softech is a "Software Development" Company. It is an ISO Certified and Government Registered Company. We are dealing with Government Projects and quality delivery on time is our commitment.

Area of expertise :-
Network Marketing or MLM Software.
Business Directories & Local Search.
Wedding portal & Directories.
Dating and Friendship sites.
Home & Apartment Rental Sites.
Web Application Development.
Institution Management System.
Jewellery Management System.
On line Networking Software.
Search Engine Optimization.
Retail Management System.
Professional Training.
E-Commerce.
Web Design.
Achievements :-
We are the best software development and service provider in Jharkhand.
We are having lots of Government/Semi Govt. department projects.
Our organizations structure is good.
We are having own office premises.
We are having 2 Branch with big setup.
Our client is more than 5,000 Over world.
We are working in different-different domains.


Politics and “Me”

• My politics carrier is star in college as a college president in 1992
• 3 yrs. I was in president of Rotract club of Ranchi NIIT.
• Year 2009 I joined a Samta Party as a State secretary of Jharkhand.
• Right now I’m going to join with Nitish kumar (Chief Minister of Bihar) Party JDU. To inspiring Nitish Kr.